189	1	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you turn there is technology. It's not going to change. Try a schedule. Encouragment helps a lot of people. Activities keep you mind off things read on to find our more. Scheduleing is important. Limit the time on the computer. For every half hour at least @NUM1 minutes outside or with friends. try to memorize the schedule. Encouragement helps me and alot of people! Try to encourage family and friends, The goverment is also trying to fight this. Encouragement helps. Activities can keep people off the computer. Try neighborhood activities. After-school activities for a while. All kinds of stuff is fun. Do you think scheduling helps? Do you like encouragement? Do activities keep you mind off things? then by far this stuff helps."	3	3		6																					
190	1	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction? Its not such a far fetched idea. Some people @MONTH1 see this as a great advancement. Not me. I think that computers detach people from reality, create false personas, and has no physical benefit. This is what i think the computers effects have on people. First of all, Computers detach people from reality. Its a lot easier for someone to sit on the computer, browsing aimlessly on some social networking website, than go out and actually meet new people. Sure you @CAPS2 send all the friend requests you want, but theres nothing that compares to a first impression that you get from meeting someone in person. The computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them. Secondly, the computer creates false personas. If i had a facebook or @CAPS3 account, it would be very easy to say something false about myself, or someone else. The computer dosn't know better. This allows people to gain, ""friendships"" with others that dont know the real you. I find this as a real problem because eventually lead to shaky or unsteady relationshops. Lastly, I think that the computer offers no physical gain, This nation is in a severe heath crisis. With things easier to get now a days like fast food, and drugs, I don't think that computers help. People need discipline and theres a time and place for everything, including computers. However those that aren't disciplined might use them more than they need to and that isn't good. So @CAPS2 you imagine a world controlled by computers? I think that little by little, thats whats happening, slowly taking away the human element. I think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating false personas, and offering no physical gain. I don't think its right, but I hope I've persuaded you to think my way."	5	5		10																					
191	1	"Dear The @CAPS1, I understand that you have some concerns about computers. I don't think you should be concerned though. You should not be concerned because computers are very posotive. They teach us hand-eye coordination, help teach you about faraway places and people, and finally you can talk online with familly and friends. First, computers teach you hand-eye coordination. There are thousands of fun games online that can help improve your reflexes and eyesight. This can help heal or improve some people reflexes by making their eyes more keen. Another thing amazing about computers is that you can learn about far away places and people. This is very helpful because if you want to travel somewhere far away but you can't, you just go to your computer and look it up. Then you feal like you are really there. It can also help you study about people that live far away and that you won't get to meat in person. Finally when you go on your computer you can go online and talk with your family and friends. There are all types of websites you can go on to talk and hang out with with all of your friends and family. The computer is very helpful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy. In conclusion I think computers are a great, fun, and helpful invention. Remember these good characteristics that computers have and please don't take computers away; we need them."	4	4		8																					
192	1	"How @MONTH1 times do you use the computer in one day? A lot right? I think that computers definatly benefit society. The internet helps a lot of people, because its very conveniant computer give people. The computers also lets people talk online with other people. Computers help people because of the internet. The internet makes alot of peoples live easier. One way is for school. I know from my own experiences that the internet helps. If I dont have enough material to study, on the internet help. Another reason that the internet is helpful is for jobs. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of people the age of @NUM1 have jobs on the internet? The internet can also help people find jobs. The last reason that the internet is helpful is shopping, I remember a time when i needed a special book for school and no book store and no bookstore, my mum ordered it of fine, the internet is very helpul to many people. My that computers are beneficial to our society is that they people the ability to faraways places. many people cannot offerd to go to a lot of places outside the united state., With computers, people can team about there places and at of these places. Sometimes there is even a snow the experience of being there. Another reason that are using and want to learn more. Once, any family got to a wedding in @LOCATION1, but we didn't know much @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 we went online to find things like. The foods eaten there and what the weather is like. lastly people can learn about where their family corner form. If people know the place that their ancestors came from, but they look it up crime computers. They confind recipes for food, what relign they practice, and what holidays they celebrate. Obuously computer help people about faraway places. My last reason that computers are beneficial to or society is that they allow people to talk with other people. Sometimes, good friends who wants to together loss touch or if one friend, people can find online and take. Did you know that their are many sites that tell you where people you went to highschool with are? Also, there are sites like facebook where people can connect. Another reason is that, people can meet other people online. their are many dating sites such as, that connect people losing that internet. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of people on dating, sites set ? Sometimes people cannot call each other because its too long distance. Being able to chat onlinee a sites like google, chat or all is very helpul. Without a dubt, computer are very helpful. I think that computer help @CAPS1 many, people in our society. People use the internet to help them. People learn about other places and people ccan chat online. -@CAPS1, dont think body about computers, because they have impaced our society greatly!"	6	5		11																					
193	1	"Dear @PERSON1 weekly, The new millenium brought a new wave of technology. Computers is the main invention that most likely everyone uses. The computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country. The computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home. Also, typing on the computer teaches us hand eye coordination that can help us with other things. The computer is surely a great invention. Have you ever wanted to go on vacation to somewhere overseas? Well the computer is a great source for learning about these places. The effects it has could be significant. One day some one might want to go to the bahamas, but then finds a new location such as @LOCATION1 or even @LOCATION3. In addition the computer benefits students very well. Students usually have to do projects on places in the world and the computer is the main source of intelligence. When I have an essay to do I always use the computer first. Recently my grandmother moved down to @LOCATION2 and I can only talk to her on the phone. Although on my computer I can actually see her on my screen. The webcam allows me to see me grandma. The computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases. For example @CAPS1 or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school. The computer can also send emails to friends and family so you can say hello every once in a while. Sports require a great deal of hand eye coordination. The computer makes you better at this. By looking at the screen while typing, gives you a boost on your hand-eye coordination because you are doing two things at once. A sport that requires a lot of this is @CAPS2. While the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position. Although hand-eye coordination is mainly taught through the powers of the computer. To conclude, all that I would like to say is that the computer is a great source for intellegence. It also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family. Finally, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. The computer is a very important piece of technology."	4	4		8																					
194	1	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you want our society to becaome one of obese, lazy with no appreciation for family or friends? @CAPS2 you want people to lock a respect for nature? This is the result of excessive of computer usage our society will become lazy, and dependent upon robot slaves and loose, brain washed. People will not be caring for family or friends. Most importantly, our society will have no appreciacion or respect for mother nature. Is this the way you wish our world to be? Have you ever read @CAPS3 @NUM1? In the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them. If our society, like the one in the book, becomes over dependent on computers and technology, then we will collapse from the inside going from a respected world power, to a third world country in. We will need to redesign buildings to have doors big enough for our bodies to fit through. We will not be a respected nation anymore. There will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they. Recent research from @ORGANIZATION1 says that @PERCENT1 of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer every day are over @NUM2 pounds. People won't remember how to talk. Babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking. Is this good for our country? People say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends. According to @PERSON1, a well known psychologist, ""People who have more friends have a @PERCENT2 reduced risk of depression."" Friends actually affect you health. People who use the computer too much lose friends and became separated from their families. The mental health effects from this can be horrible, and people sadly will miss out on all the positive parts of life. It's important that people are happy, but if you onlr communicate through e-mail and social networking sites, you aren't social enbough. It is one thing to chat online, but it is better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on screen. Nobody wants to end up like this, so limit oyur computer usage. With too much computer usage comes a lack of respect for nature, People used to care nature for many reasons, but the biggest is that it affects us everyday, in everything we @CAPS2 and own. Everything has a base in nature, even ourselves. The weather outside even on a beautiful @DATE1 day, can be deadly if we don't pay attention to what is going on outside of our safe house. We depend on nature but if we don't respect her, she will kill us. Anything is good in moderation, even a computer. But when we don't limit ourselves, it has bad consequences. We will no longer have a respected society. Our family and friends will dissapear, causing health problems. Worst of all, we will lose all expectation and respect for mother nature. The time to start limiting computer usage is now, or we will have many great problems."	5	5		10																					
195	1	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 idea about ""Computers"" is very well thought outside of the box.Well. We sure need computer to look up information these days. Why do we need them now and it dident existed before? Reseach shows over @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 says computer is everything. Let me explain a little bit further to you what I mean. First, you can look up places, chat with friends and family. @CAPS1 oppinion about using the local internet would be that it's good only for those who knows and not trying to be mean. For little world neve should get to bed at least @NUM1 pm, and never to forget about nature outside of fresh air. In conclusion, internet these days are very good for people."	2	3		5																					
196	1	"I think the use of computers is very good things in the present day @LOCATION2. I think this because people use it to research, stay in touch with friends and family, and music. These are all things adults and kids need a like to do. read on and I will explain why this is so important. My first reason why I think computers are good thing is because the are a good source to do research on a specific topic. Kids all over the @LOCATION1 use the internet to do class projects. Adults can use the computer to look up a certain food resipe. If you need help with something the computer is allways there. Some people even use the computer for a job. Computers can help with a lot of things. Another reason why computers are a big help because you can stay in touch with friends and family. A great thing to use on a computer is a web cam. With this you can see and talk to people on a lillte camray even if they are far away. You can also go on myspace of face book. Theare two websites that are used to post pictures and to talk to chosen friend. It is a good way for people to get to know you. A similar thing to this is instant messaging. You can use this to talk to friends and many on line. Don't stop reading there is more thing! My last reason why computer are sutch a great thing to have is because you can do do mutch with music on the computer. You can use the computer to listen to music, and put music on to and ipod or @NUM1 player. Some people use the computer to make music. You can get a progrem that you can make heats and put it together to make some kind of a song. music is a great thing that all age groups love. That is why I think haveing a computer is a very positive thing. You can do researching, say in touch with friends and family, and do a lot with music. There is so mutch more then thease @NUM2 thing that a computer is good for. I don't think the world would be the same without computers."	4	4		8																					
197	1	"Dear newspaper, I know that computers can place a person in its spell, but in reality it's one of the most necesary things we need in our lifetime. Computers are used for many things like school work, planning that trip you always wanted to go to, and reading the latest news. Read the following to know just how important computers really are. You know now when you have that project due for science class about protoplasms. You want to do as you can so you have that at. When you realize that the one book you find on it wont help you with the score you want you realize that the nextplace to look is the computer. The computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any report. When a teacher gives you a book to do a biography on, for example, ""The life and times: @PERSON1"" You want to go beyond what they give you and search, for instances, his neighborhood, his inspiration, and the influences he had. You will find all this in the computer. When you see a sale on a ""five nights and four days"" trip to @ORGANIZATION1, you want to know what better sale they have. When you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look. You can'@CAPS3 look for that trip of a lifetime in a book. Sure you can find out that @CAPS1 is having that big blowout sale, but you cant search up the best deal. I've done a research with seven of my friends and that six of those seven parents have deal on a trip to @ORGANIZATION1 on their accounts. If you're a great fan of road trips you'll find a deal or @CAPS2's for the lowest only find out by computer. If you live in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4 and you want to have a trip to the @LOCATION1 this deal is really good. If you live in the @LOCATION2 and you know the hottest day in the @DATE1 is coming you will be ready to get those beach balls and that blanket ready, but if you think computers are a waste of time then you wont know that all the beaches open and will be sending free drinks all day. You will be at home eating a @CAPS3.V. watching old reruns of The @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Not only will it tell you news in your erea, but will tell you about that devastating earthquake in @LOCATION5. You'll also be informed about what people are doing to help them and what you can do to help. So not only is the computer good for going on @CAPS6 and @CAPS7, you can help get your grade to an A+ on that history report. It also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember. They also help you to get ready and not be stock in your house on that nice day in @DATE1. Maybe if you find that great deal or help your kid get a better grade then you will realize how good the computer is."	5	5		10																					
198	1	"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 show that @PERCENT1 of humans in the @LOCATION2 alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop. I believe that the effect of computers has a negative effect on humans because it creates people to have a lack in exercise and it limits the physical interaction with others. As a nation, we can lower the statistic above and create a better environment altogether. The amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade. Doctor @PERSON1, who is expert in the connections between health and computers, surveyed @NUM1 people. Out of those people, @PERCENT2 said they rarely go outside because theu are trapped in the cyber world. This shocking percent proves that only one in twenty people actually get some tyoe of exercise. @PERSON2 stated, ""this shocking @CAPS2 means that most -if not all- all people are unhealthy physically, which is a problem that must be solved."" @CAPS3 goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness. In addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have. As humans have become, modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they world normally have encountered if they we not on the computer. @PERSON3 agreed with this statement and said, "" I am a college greaduate; I have a degree and all, but I wasn't always like this. When I was younger, I owned a computer. As soon as I got home from school, I would always go on the computer. I wouldn't talk to anyone-not even my family! If I could go back and change that, I would."" This statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on. @PERSON3 regreted it all and changed his ways once @CAPS3 got to high school. No one wants to live with regrets, so physical human interactions are necessary to live a non-regretful life. the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible. In conclusion, using computers has started a growing epidemin in the @LOCATION1. The most important reasons as to why computers have anegative effect on humans are it limits the amount of exercise, and it almost destroys the physical interactions between humans. Thank you for your attention, and remeber one thing: Computers can always have a negative effect on many humans lives."	5	5		10																					
199	1	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1, click, clack that the sound @ORGANIZATION2 computer keys being hit right now. Computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like @LOCATION3. In @LOCATION2. Dreadful, humble, time conservative computers are taking away the meaning and enjoyments @ORGANIZATION2 life that are offered to us. Computers are our sourse @CAPS5 infromation, and time @CAPS5 liesure these days, but we are fogetting that there is a life away from them as well such as having family time, and taking walks in the beautiful, nature. To much use @ORGANIZATION2 a computer is leading to aweful health. Computers can cause many fatal problems such as seeing and vision problems, and obisity, due to the fact that you sit all day and @CAPS2't work out. Computers are like mind, and body eaters the slowly take away from you and let you cry, and weap @CAPS5 the rest @ORGANIZATION2 your life, @CAPS2't you agree? Do you know the @ORGANIZATION2 says that the second biggest leading cause @ORGANIZATION2 obisity is computer? Yes that is true! I have experinced problem. While growing up. When I was @NUM1 I was adictied to the computer. Day and night my eyes were guled to the computer screen. I had nothing on my mind except @CAPS5 computer, my mom got mad at me and yelled at me to get away from it, but I didn't. Slowly, slowly I started to put on heavy, awful faton myself, and later I found out I was over weight @CAPS5 my age. To this day I have not lost the weight I put on from using the computer, and I am sure others are to. Obesity just doesn't happen from eating to much. It also happens from not doing any cardio activities, which the computer stps us from doing. So basically the computer is unhealth. As said by @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION2 people from the state @ORGANIZATION2 @LOCATION1. Time consuming computers, are taking away family time from many family these days. Do you know that @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION2 families aren't getting to spend the time with each other as the wish, reason being computers? Kids are on the computer playing games, moms finding a resipe online to make @CAPS5 dinner, and dad is buying another stock online. Yes that happens a lot, insded @ORGANIZATION2 doing those things they could be doing something else, but no computer work is more important. My family used to spend a lot @ORGANIZATION2 time together, but because @ORGANIZATION2 the computer I never get to do anything with my family now. Do you know the time health @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 say kids who spend time with their family are bound to become more better parents than who @CAPS2't spend time with family. I bet you are a really good family man/women and spend time with please take these computers away and make families come together once again. @LOCATION1 has the most beautiful nature ever, the birds, the animals, the @DATE1 times and the fall time. If anyone ever wants to see nature they should come to @LOCATION1, but the sad thing is that the people @ORGANIZATION2 @LOCATION1 aren't appriating nature themselves because they are do busy with things such as computers. I know one time we went to a comp out, and we were ready @CAPS5 nature and this boy brings his computer, and wouldn't you know it the whole got people forgot about nature and played with the boys computer. So many people missed out on the nature and the beautiful animals seen one the such as yellow @CAPS3 through that time was amazing and it is very unfortunet that many people missed out on that event. People these days are once again not apricating nature, which one day they will regret, because @ORGANIZATION2 the fact the one day you @MONTH1 not be around to enjoy this got given @CAPS2't let the computer tell you what to do lets be the boss and @CAPS5 ourself. It is now or never the decision is in your hand, make the right decision and say no to computers. Go out their enjoy nature, spend time with you family, and get healthy. Be the smart, and well educated people. (I know you are) and tell the world to not getting told by the computer @ORGANIZATION2 what you can, and cant do, be the boss control. Yes computers are fun, giving, but is bad. Say no to computers if you @CAPS2't you will regret it."	5	6		11																					
200	1	"Dear Readers of @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 has been borught to my attention that there is dilema on the effect of computers on people. Well I believe that having computers around are good because. Computers help students do there school work better. They also give the ability to learn about far away places. Lastly, computers allow people to talk to othe people online or webcam. My first reason I believe computers are good to have around is. They help students do there school work. Sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay. @CAPS2 the student does @CAPS1 on a computer they might get a higher grade because @CAPS1 looks neater and more proffestional. Computers especially help out college students. A college university took poll one time. @PERCENT1 of student wouldn't know what to do @CAPS2 they didn't have there computer or laptop. One student even said ""@CAPS2 I didn't have my laptop I would probably fail most of my classes."" Computers can be very helpful when @CAPS1 comes to student school work. My second reason that I believe computers are good to have around is. They give the ability to learn about far away places or other coutries. I took a poll one time of how many people use a computer to find out whats going on in other countries, @PERCENT2 of them said they go on the computer to find out what's going on in another countries. Computers can be very handy when you want to know whats going on in other countries. My last reason why computers are good to have around is. Say you married and you are pregnant unless your guy of course, but your spouse is in @LOCATION2 and you couldn't them. Well computers these days have webcams. So now @CAPS2 you really need to talk to him or her you can by using webcam. So readers of the @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. Can you see now why I believe that having computers around is good. @CAPS1 helps students do there school work. @CAPS1 gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries. @CAPS1 also gives the change to talk to people with webcams."	4	4		8																					
201	1	"Computers and modern technology are advancing quickly, and more and more people are beginning to use them. Some people say that computers are a bad influence on @LOCATION1. I think other wise. I think computers are an amazing breakthrough in modern science. I believe computers are ideal for school work and comunicating with others, as long as they are used in moderation. Computers make school projects so simple I don't know if we could do without. Our social studies teacher @PERSON1 says that @PERCENT1 of his projects involve something on the computer. The internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects. With over thirty-million educational and informational websites, its easy to locate what you need quickly and easily. Once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report. If it isn't a written report, then there are many other programs for fancy presentations. Take microsoft @CAPS1 for example: you can make exotic background and texts, as well as unique animations to emphasize or to make it pop right off the page. Computers are also an ideal way to communicate with friends and family. Emailing is quick and easy to tell others what you want to say. If you want to chat, then you can use @CAPS2 or instant messaging. This allows you to type and sent emails faster. Both of these programs are an inivative way to talk with a family member that isn't home. Like lets say my dad goes on business to @LOCATION2. We can email back and forth every day. And now with @ORGANIZATION1 (a video chat) you can see the person and actually talk to them like they're back at home. Computers have their advantages but they also have disadvantages. Computers are great for communicating and school work, but when used in excess can be unhealthy. Here is one example: my older brother @PERSON2 is a senior in high school. He is in school from @NUM1 to @NUM2:pm and as he gets home he heads straight for his computer. He is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep. I think that computers are a great invation in modern technology as long as people limit themselves. Computers are coming out with new features everyday and who know theyll be like..."	4	5		9																					
202	1	"I completely agree with those people who think computers have a negative effect on us today. Even though computers are great they do have many negative effects on people who use them. Since. new technology, and post pictures on websites where everyone can see. Also they have games for computers that people get hooked on. Lastly, there are predator online. The new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chat or cellphones where you could take pictures, @CAPS1 they do have negative effects. There have been many suicides over cyber bullying. This is where people bully kids over the internet. Also some people send naked pictures online or even while webcamming. this is illegal and absurd that young or even older people would be doing these actions. Also there are websites where people can post these pictures of you that are very personal and make a huge difference in you life. There are many people who have games for their computer or download games off of websites. Most people actually get addicted to the game, They would play it all day if they could and if they arent playing they are wishing they could. This makes them miss out on alot of things. They might not get enough excersise or not do any homework which will make you grades drop. They could also not be spending time with family. It also might change who you are as a person. The most important thing about the use of computers is your safety. There are predator all over the internet and can pretend they are someone from school and ask where you live. You should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online. They can and most likely will come to your house for you. It could most likely cost you or even family members your lives. Computers can be fun and you can learn an abundant amount of information but as long as you smart about using it. Remember not to tell anyone where you live or dont take pictures and send them that are personal. They could be all over the internet the next day. Lastly, worry about your family, grades, and health than some useless game. Be smart and safe!"	4	4		8																					
203	1	"Dear Newspaper, I think people need computers. It helps them see the world if they can't. It can be used to send important messages to people that are farther away from you. Also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer. So here is examples of these three things. Some people can't physically or mentally and can't afford to travel. Its sad how some people are so sick with a disease or illness that they can't go places. But if they go on the internet they can look up pictures and information of places they've never been to which can help them see the world better. But there are people who can help them see the world better. But there are people who have fears which prevent them from travelling to different places. So thet could go to the internet and find ways to help them get over their fears. Which in turn will allow them to get over their fears and let them travel to places. Then there are people who can't afford it. So the internet can help find a good job that pays good money which they can use to afford to travel the world and see it for what it is. What if you need to send a really important message to someone to prevent them doing something or help them live or even stop a war. So take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding. So if the government figures out what happened and they know how to straightin out the situation then they could send a message to the attackers. What happened and that it wasn't what they thought we did then they would stop fighting and the war would be over. What if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it. So then a guy finds out about it and send a message to the white house and that would save all the people in the white houses lives. Sometimes loved ones go away to some where far away and you can't talk or see them. Someones in the military and he/she has a kid so the computer allows them to see and talk to them through a webcam which would keep the child and parent together and not seperate them. Also you see a friend in facebook who you haven't seen in years so you friend him and you guys get back in touch with each other and you can be friends with them again. So in conclusion the computer can do many helpful things. It can fix relationships, save lives, help you get over fears and see the world. Which isn't bad sure we sometimes go over board with it but it is very useful. It isn't horrible but it is sometimes bad but also sometimes good but"	5	5		10																					
204	1	"You want my opinion on the effects computers have on people? Well, I believe that computers help people educate people and some computers people relie on. It's time to decide if you agree with me that computers have positive effects on people. Do you agree with me that computers can help people? Say for example you have a question noone in your home can answer. Why not @ORGANIZATION2 it? Of course once in a while you're going to get a school project. Surely you'll need information, but the library is closed. And you don't @CAPS3 what to do. Simple, all you have to do is reasearch it on your computer. Don't you agree that computers help people? I remember this one time I entered a @CAPS1 contest, and the @CAPS2 I needed was lost, then I remembered I put it in my computer. Computers can be relied on by people. Just think about it! Almost over @PERCENT1 of jobs out in the world relie on the technology of a computer. For example the @ORGANIZATION1 job. It would be kind of hard to keep track of how much trash is thrown out every year without a computer, surely banks use computers too! To keep track of everyone's allowance and money situations. Let's not forget about what lawyers do? There are some lawyers incart who use the computer to type up every word said. They turn the words into short and to keep up with what people are saying. Did you @CAPS3 that without these computers ever half the million jobs in the world would fail? Some people would agree that some online games are educational. For example, there is @CAPS4. That game teaches you words you probably never seen before. And don't forget @CAPS5. That game improves your counting of numbers. Last, but not least would be @CAPS6 @CAPS7. That game sharpens your skill and exercises your brain. Strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational. In conclusion, I agree that the effects computers have on people are positive. Because computers help people, are reliable, and can educate people. It's now or never do you agree that computers have positive effects on people?"	5	5		10																					
205	1	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1. I've just been informed about how people view computers and the effects of them. In my opinion, I find computers to be a very negative influence on yound kids, teens, and adults. Many harmful awarenesses come along with having one. For one thing, people being so hypnotized in this electronical device are finding lesser time to excercise and take care of themselves. Also to, the only nature they're experiencing is pictures online and not enjoying the full beuty of what we have left of out earth. Another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones. What happened to our society? Why can't we think on our own anymore? I truely, strongly hope that what i'm saying will change the minds of some people. Thank you very much. Exercise is a very key aspect in anyone's life. Especially growing kids and teens. On the computer what exercise benefits are you getting? Stronger fingers? A higher chance of syndrome @CAPS10. ""@CAPS2 @PERCENT1 of kids having @CAPS7 problems like obesity have access to the internet"", accoding to @PERSON2 of the, ""@CAPS3 feel right with @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6"" in hunington beach, @LOCATION1. When basically, your giveing youself to the computers, you @MONTH1 not have any thoughts at all of staying fir. Instead on some chips while typing. @CAPS4 @CAPS7 BENEFITS @CAPS8 that game help? With global warming by ourside, what you saw yesterday @MONTH1 not be there today. Breathing in some fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child out. What ever happened to playing an endless scoth with side walk chalk and fresh? or tag or just running around? Is it not cool anymore? Yah, not cool to take care of yourself. Inspire yourself by writing poems about how you feel or draw a screnary. Now a days, instead of @CAPS10 climing a tree, were climbing our mouse arrow to the next website. There's so much that we all take for granted, that one day when you look back on ti all, youre going to really miss those @DATE1 days. Family time is so critical in anyone's life. Without a family, you're nothing. When did game night or family time disapear? Just because we're in a society that says computers are completely normal everyday thing in a house, doesn't mean you family and friends aren't a main priority to you anymore. If you want to hangout a friend's house, dont email about it, walk @CAPS2 there and get the full affect since when does a computer a family? Never. If we got out of a fake reality, @CAPS10 there wouldn't be negativity in our life. @CAPS10 you can regain a true life back with them. @CAPS10 you'd think more clearer just @CAPS10. Whats makes a computer any better than life? Nothing ask yourself that. So inconclusive, I strongly believe that with this in you lives we've actually get dumber. There's more negative than positives in having a computer. Sure you could quickly send them a message or like @CAPS9, but is it ever bad to do the good old fashion calling? Or sendin letter? I say again, thank you for taking out your time to read this. @CAPS10 i changed you, @CAPS10 not. Whatever you do, think about the next time you're online and see what happends. "	5	5		10																					
206	1	"Dear local newspaper, I do agree that computers have impacted human society greatly. Therefore, my opinion is that is @MONTH1 be one of the greatest inventions. I would say this because there are different help programs or websites that @MONTH1 help people in everyday life. Especially students have the ability to study from education webpages. Also, people are able to communicate online. Lastly, you are able to type stories instead of hand-writing them. Having the advantage to study online is great. Different websites with tons of information and true facts @MONTH1 really affect grades of most students. Did you know about @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 go on educational websites for information for writing, whether it's an essay or non-fiction story? Thanks to computers, there is a great chance students @MONTH1 receive a passing grade. Communication online has made huge impact worldwide. Whether you use facebook, @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 etc., communicating with family or friends is fantastic. For example, I use facebook and I love talking to my family down in @LOCATION2, whom I see about once every couple years. Online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly. Just a push of a button, and you have immediate communication with someone. Finally, people have the ability to type on a program if they wanted to type a letter or story. For instance, if you use microsoft word, you can type up whatever you want. This has effected people because it is a faster ans easier way to write. Therefore, if you finish earlier than you would have if you typed it, you would have extra leisure time, or more time to get the rest of your work done. Also, it is easy for me because I type like the wind; after practice, of course. In conclusion, the invention of computers helped and still do help society in many ways. But, the three ways that i have chosen to tell you about in this letter, I feel, have impacted us the most. I hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people. Thank you for taking time to read my letter. Have a good day."	5	5		10																					
207	1	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 a computer isn't harmful in any way. It helps people learn about things they didn't know. Also it lets people interact with people around the world. Another is that it lets people stay in touch with family and friends around the globe. Computers don't harm, they help. Computers are a learning tool. Schools like mine have over a hundred computers but they are only used for education. Anyway even if we try to go on different sites we get redirected to a blocked website. Cars and other machines were built by computers which supplied the blueprints. There is one thing computers are mostly used for, and thats to learn. Are you thinking about going on vacation somewhere but don't know how things work around there? Well a computer can help you with those promblems. It lets you see how people are and what the place looks like with a virtual tour. Even with some assistance if you don't know about traditions or beliefs. Computers are a great way to explore. Computers are a great way to communicate with others. Family members that live on the otherside of the world can use computers to talk and see how your doing. How about old friends that moved away. You can still talk and communicate with each other. Getting in touch with friends and family isn't all that bad is it? And these are reason to show how computers aren't harmful in anyway. It gives people a good education. It lets people learn about cultures of places around the world. And talking to friends is something thats good, not bad. This is why computers don't harm people, they help."	4	4		8																					
208	1	"Dear newspaper editor, I have recently heard that some people think that computers have a negative effect on people. Well i think that computers have a positive effect on people. I think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps make learning about other countries easier. Also, it helps people talk to people from different countries. Another reason is that it helps people learn about different cultures, religions, or traditions. The reason why some peope think that computers have a negative effect on people is because people are spending more time on the computer than spending time with their family. Also, people use the computer more than they use exercise machines, bicycles, or scooters. Now that you know about the positive and negative effects of computers, Which side will you choose? the one against computers or the one for computers. I would choose the one for computers."	3	3		6																					
209	1	"Dear local newspaper editor, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects of computers on people is that staying on a computer is not that bad it does not rot you brain like video games. are some good reasons why computers are good and help you. Sometimes computers do help with hand-eye coordination. You use the computer to do homework or to search a a stores etc. Some computers are really slow but not all of the new ones for @DATE1, computers can also help you read better it has little . You could play talk to people like your friends. Listening to music is an easy thing to you could a website that has all songs that you like to listen yo many people use the computer to find jobs and use it to look for ways to eat right and work out paying bills online is easyer than paying them for real. The computer is easy way to pay and you should agree with @CAPS1 opinion."	3	3		6																					
210	1	"Dear Newspaper, The question is whether or not people are spending too much time on the computer or not. In my opinion people aren’t, and there are many benefits from being on the computer. Typing in the computer teacher hand-eye coordination. It is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also! Handeye coordination is very important. We use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games! Being on the computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination. Whatever you do on the computer typing, playing online game, or surfing the web develop hand-eye coordination. It is good to learn hand-eye coordination because most teachers these days neat children to type and print their papers, so they are neater.If kids can learn hand-eye coordination, they can type faster turn then into their when go on there computer hand-eye coordination. My world cultures teacher lets us use an online textbook if we dont finished our homework in class, instead of logging around textbook. Any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school. Have you ever thought about how much easier it is college course online. Then having to go to college especially for working parents? Everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college. Using computer to learn about different places is easy. There are websites full of pictures of beautiful foreign places that hot deserts, and troppical rainfall of monkeys and tigers. It is fun and easy to learn on a computer. Since cell phones have become so a lot of people have gotten rid of thier home phone to save money. Sometimes, though cellphones lose signal. That is why it is good to have a computer. It is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email. You can have intelligent,and its easy and free! It is east to communicate using a computer. Surely you've heard my reasons its okay for people to spend time on the computer you see my point. Yes people shall spend time outside or with family, in small does the computer good for you. It is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer."	4	5		9																					
